* Running on a VirtualBox VM with 64-bit Ubuntu 12.10 and the 3.5.0-40-generic
  kernel (and matching kernel headers for module compilation).  The VM has been
  allocated 4 CPU cores and 2GB of memory (it has no swap partition).  The
  module had been tested on a previous kernel version (also 3.5.0-x) and
  exhibited the same symptoms.  The network adapter set in VirtualBox is the
  default "Intel PRO/1000 MT Desktop (82540EM)", and uses the e1000 driver
  (drivers/net/ethernet/intel/e1000).  However, other adapters in VirtuaBox's
  list of choices that use different drivers have also been tested with the
  same results.

* The idea of the module is to resend/replay frames previously captured on the
  same network interface.  The frames are byte-for-byte identical to one
  originally captured.  The captured frame was an ICMP echo reply captured
  during ping execution between the host machine and the VM, on the same
  interface being tested (eth0 set to static 192.168.56.10/24 on a VirtualBox
  host-only network); the packet was manually inspected to verify it is a valid
  Ethernet/IPv4/ICMP/echo reply message with correct checksums.  This small
  module is a stripped down test case created after running into the problem in
  a larger project (one which DOES send packets associated with a socket).

* The frames are sent without a socket, in a manner similar to the way they are
  created and sent for IPv4 ARP.  In fact, the frames are constructed and sent
  in a way that is almost identical to the way net/ipv4/arp.c does it.  The
  exception is that this module uses complete frame data including the Ethernet
  header, unlike ARP which adds the hardware header using dev_hard_header().
  This module has been tested by changing the code to use dev_hard_header() in
  an attempt to diagnose the problem, but this does not change the behavior.

* A kernel panic occurs after sending one or more frames using this module.
  The number of frames sent before the panic occurs seems to vary, but it is
  inevitable that one occurs.  The panic does not always occur in the same
  place in kernel code, but usually happens somewhere in __kfree_skb()—perhaps
  in skb_release_head_state() as "? skb_release_head_state+..." is the last
  line of the kernel stack trace.  Sometimes, though, it happens in the qdisk
  code for transmission or the e1000 driver itself instead.  It is ALMOST
  always a "BUG: unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference", but rarely
  I have seen a general protection fault intead.

* Calling dev_queue_xmit() with an SKB is supposed to turn ownership of the SKB
  over to the transmit code, according to the API documentation in
  net/core/dev.c.  This would seem to imply the reference count should be 1,
  and that reference is turned over to the callee.  However, when the reference
  count is only 1, the transmit code destructs each SKB twice, meaning
  somewhere it must be decrementing the reference count and assuming it is
  still positive, then later incrementing and decrementing it again.  This
  causes an immediate kernel panic in either the code to free the SKB or in a
  later memory allocation operation.

* When an SKB's reference count is incremented to 2 just before calling
  dev_queue_xmit() a kernel panic still occurs, but takes the relatively long
  and varying period of execution mentioned above.  On the VM I am testing on,
  this is usually anywhere between 15 seconds and 2 minutes.

* My best guess is that SOMETHING is overwriting memory with null bytes or
  random data or soemthing.  Is there something wrong with the way the SKBs are
  being prepared, turned over to the kernel for transmission, cleaned up, etc.?
  If so, how is it different from the ARP implementation in a way that causes
  a panic?  Or is this a defect in the kernel code itself, in which case how
  can machines stay stable and running with significant uptimes?  Or is it just
  that this is a very infrequent race condition of some sort and ARP
  transmission is slow/infrequent enough that the mean time before failure is
  very, very long?

* I have attempted both kernel debugging and panic message capture, but despite
  following all the instructions I can find online for doing this with a
  VirtualBox VM, I cannot seem to get the debugger to resume execution properly
  when debugging, the emulated serial console to work, or a crash dump to
  appear in the VM after restart.  So we seem to be stuck with code inspection
  and good ol' printk-style debugging, unfortunately.

